[Autogenerated] let us now create a second project
using the Maybourne Pugin for Eclipse.
Once again.
Ah,
let us open the pop up menu of this project Explorer
View New Project Select May Virna.
This is a maven project.
Next, we are going to skip the archetypes that external click.
Next.
Let us take all the Komada as the group I d may burn a Web app as the artifact I
d zero that wanna for the version of and for the packaging.
We're not going to select job this time.
But war,
which stands up for Web archive er and which is the
standard maven packaging for Web applications.
Let us click.
Finish.
The projector is being created and we can see that there
is an error in it When we open it, there isn't an error in the bomb fighter.
Let us open this bomb, filer.
Let us do some clean up in it.
Let us copy paste the default properties that we saw in a maven module
of this course and let us update this maven project,
maybe Web app to make sure that the libraries are the Java eight libraries and
not the job of five libraries now this a roar is still there.
Letters.
Check the error.
Messager.
Maybourne is in fact complaining because it needs a failing
missing Web XML property that has to be set to true.
So let us do that.
Failure on missing exam Ella lettuce put holes for this property.
And now maven should be happy.
Why do we have to put this?
Because in previews,
versions of Java e This Web XML meta data filer was mandatory and
it has been made optional in an old version.
But maybe in steel supports this old format.
So we need to tell me even that if this web exam it is not there,
it's still okay.
Now let us check the properties are of this project on
the project facets of this project,
especially on let us go directly to the runtime environment and you
can see that creating a Java E project using the Maven play Gainer
does not configure the runtime automatically.
You have to do that by hand.
So let us click here.
Apache Tomcat Re Naina Java is said to eight, which is finer.
The dynamic Web module is said to to that five and
we want three that wanna apply, apply in close. And now we have a proper Java e Web application project created with Megan.